doc/samples: update pod security standards to clarifies usage (#5867)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/best-practices/pod-security-standards.md

#### How should I configure my Operators and Operands to comply with the criteria?

- **For common cases that do not require escalating privileges:** configure all containers to comply with the [restricted][restricted] policy as shown in the following the examples:

> **IMPORTANT NOTE** The `seccompProfile` field required to define that a container is [restricted][restricted] was introduced with K8s `1.19` and might **not** be support on some vendors by default.
> Please, do **not** use this field if you are looking for to build Operators to work on K8s versions < `1.19` or on vendors when it might
> **not** work. This can result in your Pod/containers **not** be admitted and be allowed to run (i.e. On Openshift versions < `4.11` with its default configuration the deployments will fail with errors like `Forbidden: seccomp`.)
> However, if you are developing solutions to be distributed on Kubernetes versions => `1.19` and or for example, Openshift versions >= `4.11` it is highly recommended used it and 
> ensure that all your Pods/containers are [restricted][restricted] unless they require escalating privileges.

Reviewer: Some wording nits:
```suggestion
**IMPORTANT NOTE** The `seccompProfile` field to define that a container is [restricted][restricted] was introduced with K8s `1.19` and might **not** be supported on some vendors by default.
Please, do **not** use this field if you are looking to build Operators that work on K8s versions < `1.19` or on vendors that do **not** support this field. Having this field when it is not supported can result in your Pods/Containers **not** being allowed to run (i.e. On Openshift versions < `4.11` with its default configuration the deployments will fail with errors like `Forbidden: seccomp`.)
However, if you are developing solutions to be distributed on Kubernetes versions => `1.19` and or for example, Openshift versions >= `4.11` it is highly recommended that this field is used to
ensure that all your Pods/Containers are [restricted][restricted] unless they require escalated privileges.
```

> **On Kubernetes manifests:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**In Kubernetes manifests:**
```
